c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Diagnostic.nuspec
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\tools\install.ps1
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\tools\uninstall.ps1
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test.pdb
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\AyncTestAnalyzer.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Desktop.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.Desktop.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Desktop.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\AyncTestAnalyzer.pdb
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Desktop.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.Desktop.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Desktop.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\obj\Debug\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\obj\Debug\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test.dll
c:\users\aessenmacher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test\obj\Debug\AyncTestAnalyzer.Test.pdb
